Discord Bot: A real time tactical game where you log in and out and issue commands while you're there. Minimal investment, just a dumb thing to play around with.
CrossStonks/CrossExchange if it's CC related.
- Basin Stonks
- Helnovien Stonks
Yes, it takes Velsarbor markets too. And any OC markets too, like the Arcane Lab.
News and other events affect stonks, so keep up with that. IE, "A sharp demand for iron has made Helnovien stonks rise by 33% in value!" or "Bad weather has made travel to Basin Keep much more difficult, making its stonks plummet."
- A sudden riot in Helnovien has decreased production by 55%, making its stocks plummet.
- Baki'kum is experiencing a heavy drought, making its stock decrease in value.
Different stonks have different lucrativity and stability levels, the both obviously being negative of each other. For example, Helnovien can be an extremely lucrative stonk to invest in, but is also extremely volatile.

[Markets]
-= Shadoon =-
Rookie Harbor: Trading & Tourism (and apple trees)
Bergen: Precious Metals Mining
Ba'kii Kum: Trading & Tourism
Basin Keep: Power Generation, Trading, and Luxury
Cave Inn: Cobalt Mining
Rhombus Square: Luxury & Entertainment

-= Tora =-
Hamsol: Fishing
Helnovien: Iron Mining
Port Retisa: Shipping & Trading
Nomera: Metallurgy & Trading
Buronia: ???
Domarkor: Metallurgy & Trading
???: Entertainment (uchiko racing)

-= Shadoon Extra =-
Arcane Lab: Fishing & Transportation



So what can you do with all this money? You can hire an army and take over a fictional land! It goes Wesnoth style, where you send different groups to different areas and have a limited radius you can view. Of course status updates are sent to the DMs. You start out randomly somewhere, then if you're in an occupied area, you can launch a rebellion. There's also resourceful towns, key points, and terrain differences and such.

Also, a music bot that loops perfectly? Scratch that, it just doesn't work. But maybe have user playlists and such that can shuffle together in unison, so everyone gets their turn. I haven't seen that before. Either add to the current (temporary) playlist or draw from a user-defined playlist.

Also, you can turn off the joke part, like oil and french.

Updates every few minutes throughout the day (if it's 24/7 running), so there's no feasible way you can stay on all the time, so there's a risk factor involved.

Also, for each map, there are a finite amount of resources. And that's it. That's all there'll ever be for that map.

$obliterate stops a user's ability to trade stonks for an hour.

And more specifically, the stocks will be based on trends. The trends will affect how severe each increase/decrease is.